DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITIES/ACCURACY OF DATA

This website and its contributors are not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way 
officially connected with Auburn University, or any of its subsidiaries or its affiliates. The official 
Auburn website can be found at http://www.auburn.edu. The name “Auburn University” as well as related 
names, marks, emblems and images are registered trademarks of Auburn University.

The use in this website and/or in related promotional print or video material of trademarked names and 
images is strictly for editorial and descriptive purposes, and no commercial claim to their use, or 
suggestion of sponsorship or endorsement, is made by Will Humphlett and other contributors. Those words or 
terms that the authors and publisher have reason to believe are trademarks are designated as such by the 
use of initial capitalization, where appropriate. However no attempt has been made to identify or 
designate all words or terms to which trademark or other proprietary rights may exist. Nothing contained 
herein is intended to express a judgment on, or affect the validity of legal status of, any word or term 
as a trademark, service mark, or other proprietary mark.

By duplicating, copying, redistributing material found in this the website and GitHub Repository, 
you(the "User") are in direct violation of Auburn University Title XII Student Academic Honesty Code: 
Violations 1201.4 (Violations of the Student Academic Honesty Code).

	"4. The submission of themes, essays, term papers, design projects, theses and dissertations,
	similar requirements or parts thereof that are not the work of the student submitting them. In
	the case of a graduate thesis or dissertation, submission is defined as the time at which the first
	complete draft of such is submitted to the major professor for review. When direct quotations
	are used, they must be indicated, and when the ideas of another are incorporated into a paper,
	they must be appropriately acknowledged. Plagiarism is a violation. In starkest terms,
	plagiarism is stealing using the words or ideas of another as if they were one’s own. For
	example, if another person's complete sentence, syntax, key words, or the specific or unique
	ideas and information are used, one must give that person credit through proper documentation
	or recognition, as through the use of footnotes;"

Although the data found using the website have been produced and processed from sources believed to be 
reliable, no warranty expressed or implied is made regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, 
reliability, or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate 
uses of the information. 

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT ANY INFORMATION YOU MAY FIND IN THIS WEBSITE MAY BE INACCURATE OR MISLEADING.

This website is not uniformly peer reviewed; while readers may correct errors or remove erroneous suggestions, 
they have no legal duty to do so. All information found on the site is without any implied warranty of fitness 
for any purpose or use whatsoever.

DO NOT RELY UPON ANY INFORMATION FOUND IN THIS SITE WITHOUT INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION.
